en_sahih.db,English - Sahih International
fr_hamidullah.db,Français - Hamidullah
de_bubenheim.db,Deutsch - Bubenheim & Elyas
ur_jalandhry.db,أردوUrdu - Fateh Muhammad Jalandhryجالندرب
ru_kuliev.db,Россию - Кулиев
sq_nahi.db,Shqiptar - Efendi Nahi
es_cortes.db,Spanish - Cortes
bn_bengali.db,Bengali - Muhiuddin Khan
bs_korkut.db,Bosnian - Korkut
it_piccardo.db,Italian - Piccardo
so_abduh.db,Somali - Abduh
tr_diyanet.db,Turkish - Diyanet Isleri
ta_tamil.db,Tamil - Jan Turst Foundation
ha_gumi.db,Hausa - Gumi
id_indonesian.db,Indonesian - Bahasa Indonesian
ms_basmeih.db,Malay - Basmeih
nl_keyzer.db,Dutch - Keyzer
sw_barwani.db,Swahili - Al-Barwani
th_thai.db,Thai - ภาษาไทย
uz_sodik.db,Uzbek - Мухаммад Содик
zh_jian.db,Chinese - Ma Jian
pr_tagi.db,فارسى - حسين تاجى كله دارى
